doc/special_forms.md, before:

# Special forms
A _special form_ in Mankai is a form to which special evaluation rules apply. _Special forms_ always end in `!`.

## List of special forms

### `if!`

`(if! condition then else)`

If `condition` evaluates to `true` then `then` is evaluated. If `condition` evaluates to `false` then `else` is evaluated. If `condition` does not evaluate to a boolean a runtime error is reaised. Note that the `else` expression is _always required_.

#### Examples

```
(if! true 1 2)
=> 1
(if! false 1 2)
=> 2
(if! (= 2 2.5) 1 2)
=> 2
```

### `set!`

`(set! name value)`

Binds `name` to the result of evaluating `value`.

#### Examples

You can use `set!` to create variables to hold any kind of value:

```
(set! foo 2)
=> 2
(+ 1 foo)
=> 3
(set! bar (+ 1 2))
=> 3
bar
=> 3
```

You can even use `set!` to create variables to hold functions or special forms:

```
(set! my-multiplication *)
=> <native function>
(my-multiplication 2 2 3)
=> 12
(set! my-set set!)
=> <special form>
(my-set foo 3)
=> 3
foo
=> 3
```

Commit message:

Add documentation for the 'lambda!' special form

doc/special_forms.md, after:

# Special forms
A _special form_ in Mankai is a form to which special evaluation rules apply. _Special forms_ always end in `!`.

## List of special forms

### `if!`

`(if! condition then else)`

If `condition` evaluates to `true` then `then` is evaluated. If `condition` evaluates to `false` then `else` is evaluated. If `condition` does not evaluate to a boolean a runtime error is reaised. Note that the `else` expression is _always required_.

#### Examples

```
(if! true 1 2)
=> 1
(if! false 1 2)
=> 2
(if! (= 2 2.5) 1 2)
=> 2
```

### `lambda!`

`(lambda! (arg1 arg2 ... argN) body)`

Creates an anonymous function that takes arguments `arg1`, `arg2`, ... `argN` and returns the result of evaluating `body`.

#### Examples

```
((lambda! (x y) (+ x y)) 1 2)
=> 3
((lambda! (f x) (f (f x))) (lambda! (n) (+ n 1)) 1)
=> 3
```

### `set!`

`(set! name value)`

Binds `name` to the result of evaluating `value`.

#### Examples

You can use `set!` to create variables to hold any kind of value:

```
(set! foo 2)
=> 2
(+ 1 foo)
=> 3
(set! bar (+ 1 2))
=> 3
bar
=> 3
```

You can even use `set!` to create variables to hold functions or special forms:

```
(set! my-multiplication *)
=> <native function>
(my-multiplication 2 2 3)
=> 12
(set! my-set set!)
=> <special form>
(my-set foo 3)
=> 3
foo
=> 3
```
